Orienting direction arrow (#115)
situmtech/ios-swift-library-wayfinding: CHANGELOG_UNRELEASED.md

# Fixed

> - Fixed a error that caused release branches in pipelines to generate artifacts in debug mode

Reviewer: Aquí hai un pequeno typo, sei que non é un cambio que fixeras pero xa o correximos agora 
```suggestion
- Fixed an error that caused release branches in pipelines to generate artifacts in debug mode
```

> - Fixed a bug that caused when setting a route if the building was not centered the orientation arrow would not change direction when moving the device

Reviewer: Creo que quedaría máis claro o comentario así, que che parece?
```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that caused when setting a route. If the building was not centered the orientation arrow would not change direction when changing the orientation of the device
```
